README.md, before:

# Intro-Qt-Quick

This is the repo for the introduction to Qt Quick course on Qt Academy.

> Get the full learning experience by enrolling in the course on [Qt Academy](https://www.qt.io/academy/course-catalog?q=qt+quick#introduction-to-qt-quick)

> You can also find the course playlist on the [Qt YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLizsthdRd0YwCC7xfHQxz1_wv0n-Ds2s2)

## 🎯 What You'll Learn 

- **Creating a Qt Quick application** in Qt Creator from scratch

- **Importing and integrating assets** into your project

- **Applying key Qt Quick concepts:** anchors, reusable components, mouse and touch inputs, signal and slots, property bindings

⭐ Skill Level: Beginner

⏱️ Time to Complete: 60 minutes 

## Getting Started

- In this repo, you will find the guitar pedal project we are building throughout the course in different stages of completion.
- Each folder (apart from `00-Assets`) represents where you will end up after following each section of the course.
- The `00-Assets` folder contains all of the assets you will needed to follow along and create the final guitar pedal project.
- If you get stuck or encounter an issues, you can use these as references to get back up to speed and compare your progress.

## Instructions

To get started with this project, you will need to have Qt Creator installed on your computer. You can download Qt Creator from the [Qt.io website](qt.io).

Once you have Qt and Qt Creator installed, head over to [Qt Academy](academy.qt.io) and follow along to create the project template and add the assets to the project.

To run a version of the project from a specific section, navigate to the desired section folder in Qt Creator and open the `CMakeLists.txt` file. Build and run the project in Qt Creator. The application will launch and you will see the application at that current stage.

Please note that in order to run the each section, you will need to copy the resources from the `00-Assets` folder into the section you wish to run. The assets are not included in the section folders to keep the repo size small.

## Resources

If you need additional help, the following resources may be helpful:

- Qt Documentation: https://doc.qt.io
- Qt Forum: https://forum.qt.io
- Qt Academy: https://qt.io/academy

## Licensing Information

```
Copyright (C) 2026 Qt Group.
SPDX-License-Identifier: LicenseRef-Qt-Commercial OR GPL-3.0-only
```

This is a Qt Quick learning project demonstrating how to set up your project, create a basic UI canvas with imported assets, create and utilize custom components, handle user input, and integrate more complex interactions using JavaScript.

### Terms and Conditions

If you, your employer, or the legal entity you act on behalf of hold commercial license(s) with a Qt Group entity, this software package constitutes Pre-Release Code under the Qt License/Frame Agreement governing those licenses, and that agreement's terms and conditions govern your access and use of this software package.

This software package may provide links or access to third party libraries or code (collectively "Third-Party Software") to implement various functions. Use or distribution of Third-Party Software is discretionary and in all respects subject to applicable license terms of applicable third-party right holders.

Commit message:

Move OFL license and add third-party attributions
Relocate the Open Font License file and update README.md documenting fonts and image attribution.

README.md, after:

# Intro-Qt-Quick

This is the repo for the introduction to Qt Quick course on Qt Academy.

> Get the full learning experience by enrolling in the course on [Qt Academy](https://www.qt.io/academy/course-catalog?q=qt+quick#introduction-to-qt-quick)

> You can also find the course playlist on the [Qt YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLizsthdRd0YwCC7xfHQxz1_wv0n-Ds2s2)

## 🎯 What You'll Learn

- **Creating a Qt Quick application** in Qt Creator from scratch

- **Importing and integrating assets** into your project

- **Applying key Qt Quick concepts:** anchors, reusable components, mouse and touch inputs, signal and slots, property bindings

⭐ Skill Level: Beginner

⏱️ Time to Complete: 60 minutes

## Getting Started

- In this repo, you will find the guitar pedal project we are building throughout the course in different stages of completion.
- Each folder (apart from `00-Assets`) represents where you will end up after following each section of the course.
- The `00-Assets` folder contains all of the assets you will needed to follow along and create the final guitar pedal project.
- If you get stuck or encounter an issues, you can use these as references to get back up to speed and compare your progress.

## Instructions

To get started with this project, you will need to have Qt Creator installed on your computer. You can download Qt Creator from the [Qt.io website](qt.io).

Once you have Qt and Qt Creator installed, head over to [Qt Academy](academy.qt.io) and follow along to create the project template and add the assets to the project.

To run a version of the project from a specific section, navigate to the desired section folder in Qt Creator and open the `CMakeLists.txt` file. Build and run the project in Qt Creator. The application will launch and you will see the application at that current stage.

Please note that in order to run the each section, you will need to copy the resources from the `00-Assets` folder into the section you wish to run. The assets are not included in the section folders to keep the repo size small.

## Resources

If you need additional help, the following resources may be helpful:

- Qt Documentation: https://doc.qt.io
- Qt Forum: https://forum.qt.io
- Qt Academy: https://qt.io/academy

## Licensing Information

```
Copyright (C) 2026 Qt Group.
SPDX-License-Identifier: LicenseRef-Qt-Commercial OR GPL-3.0-only
```

This is a Qt Quick learning project demonstrating how to set up your project, create a basic UI canvas with imported assets, create and utilize custom components, handle user input, and integrate more complex interactions using JavaScript.

### Terms and Conditions

If you, your employer, or the legal entity you act on behalf of hold commercial license(s) with a Qt Group entity, this software package constitutes Pre-Release Code under the Qt License/Frame Agreement governing those licenses, and that agreement's terms and conditions govern your access and use of this software package.

This software package may provide links or access to third party libraries or code (collectively "Third-Party Software") to implement various functions. Use or distribution of Third-Party Software is discretionary and in all respects subject to applicable license terms of applicable third-party right holders.

### Third-Party Attributions

#### Fonts

- The [Prisma](#00-Assets/fonts/Prisma.ttf) font was created by [Dieter Steffman](http://www.steffmann.de/) and originally designed by Rudolf Koch for the type foundry Klingspor Brothers (Offenbach/M.), 1932. It was downloaded from [DaFont](https://www.dafont.com/prisma.font) and is licensed under attribution to the original creator, Dieter Steffman.

- The [RussoOne](#00-Assets/fonts/RussoOne-Regular.ttf) font was created by [Ivan Gladkikh](https://typetype.org/) and is licensed under the [SIL Open Font License](#LICENSES/OFL.txt).

#### Images

- The images used in this project are sourced and adapted from [Dzianis Rakhuba](https://stock.adobe.com) / stock.adobe.com
